Add Customer Service Agent sample demonstrating Agent Identities with .NET Aspire (#4)
Azure-Samples/ms-identity-agent-identities: README.md

# Microsoft Identity - Agent Identities Samples

This repository contains samples demonstrating how to use **Agent Identities** in Microsoft Entra ID with Microsoft Identity Web. Agent Identities enable AI agents to securely access downstream services using either autonomous (app-only) or user-delegated tokens.

## 📦 Samples

### [.NET Customer Service Agent with Aspire](dotnet/CustomerServiceAgent/)
[![.NET 9](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-9.0-purple)](https://dot.net)
[![Aspire 9.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Aspire-9.0-blue)](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/aspire/)

A comprehensive sample showcasing how an AI agent orchestrates multiple downstream APIs using:

> - **Autonomous Agent Identities** for read operations (Order & CRM APIs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Autonomous Agent Identities** (Order & CRM APIs)
```

- **Agent User Identities** for write operations with user context (Shipping & Email APIs)
- **.NET Aspire** for distributed tracing, logging, and service orchestration
- **In-memory stores** for quick setup without external dependencies

**Perfect for:** Microsoft Ignite 2025 - 30-minute hands-on lab

[View Sample →](dotnet/CustomerServiceAgent/)

---

## 🎯 What are Agent Identities?

**Agent Identities** are a new capability in Microsoft Entra ID that enable AI agents to:

1. **Autonomous Agent Identity** - Acquire app-only tokens for operations that don't require user context (e.g., reading data)

> 2. **Agent User Identity** - Acquire tokens with user context for operations requiring user identity (e.g., writing data, sending emails)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Agent User Identity** - Acquire tokens with user context for operations requiring user identity (e.g., sending emails, participating in Tems channels)
```

This allows developers to build AI agents that can securely call downstream APIs with the appropriate level of authorization.

### Key Benefits
✅ **Secure by design** - Tokens are validated by Microsoft Entra ID  
✅ **Flexible authorization** - Mix app-only and user-delegated patterns  
✅ **Audit trail** - All operations are logged with proper identity context  
✅ **Works with existing APIs** - No changes needed to downstream services  

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- [.NET 9 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/9.0) (for .NET samples)
- Visual Studio 2022 or VS Code
- *(Optional)* Azure subscription for cloud deployment

> - *(Optional)* Microsoft 365 Developer account for Graph API integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *(Optional)* Microsoft 365 Developer account if you want to try Graph API integration with Teams/Mails
```
